HAHAHAHA
KEDDLEBROHS
That bitch doesn't have what it takes to bring this company
I swear to find the way that in
What the f...
What's going on here?
Mr. Carmine Are you alright?
Juicy what the hell are you doing?
Put that damn mic down
Shut up bitch!
I'm so sick of you trying to control it
You see?
Yeah
Why can't you just be a damn house boy?
As far as can you comment on what this happens, it's true that your step in data CEO.
It's everything I'm doing with your marriage. You can start forming and having an affair.
As far as can you comment on your husband's outlandish behavior, is your travel and paradise?
Are the rumors of a business with Hideoi E. True? How long have you known?
I'm Mr. Brian's personal assistant. I'm afraid we have to cancel the rest of this press conference.
Thank you all for understanding during this difficult time.
We'll provide an official statement whenever we have more information to share.
And a boy coming to your boss's rescue.
I'm here to serve, though I got to say that was one hell of a performance, Mrs. Brian.
Without you. But how did you know the champagne dressing gave me a spy?
I overheard him talking to Ross about it.
But I had to tell you right away because...
I was unsure if they were actually going to pull through with it.
Look at that. Impressive, Mr. Detective.
Listen, Kendall. What about that nightmare? I tell. I...
What the hell? You mean we look like a f***ing idiot?
Sign this! Hand over control of Brian Industries. Your father's legacy deserves better.
Terry, you bring my father into this.
When you've just been counting down the day so he keeps the f*** it?
That's enough. Get Ross, Grandpa.
I think you can just waltz in here and steal my wife your little piece of shit.
Your damn mouth. Okay, he's just the new assistant.
You should go. I don't want to have you involved in this mess.
I'm not leaving you alone with this scumbag. Especially after all this shit you pulled.
Oh. Oh, I see how it is.
Spreading your legs for the new help, are we?
Wait until the media gets hold of this.
Kendall Bright, CEO.
Nothing but a cheap hole.
Oh, that is rich, Tristan. Coming from you.
Mate, honey. I have got all the dirt I need to bury you.
The company, the money, everything, is all mine now.
It's over, Tristan. I want a divorce.
I am done being your punching bag and your doormat.
Okay, okay, Kendall. Kendall, just think about this, okay?
If you go through with that divorce, Tristan won't sign his shares to you.
He'll take the company from you.
Yeah, that's right, sweetheart. Listen, Ross.
If you go through the divorce, Bryant Industries will be lying.
Otherwise, I'll make your life a living hell.
You really think I'll let you blackmail me?
I have proof of your fear with Ross.
Won't lead to the press and you'll take me.
You know what, if that video gets out, it'll ruin all of us.
Okay, public image of the company, your reputation, stock prices.
I mean, oh my God, our rival will just be so happy.
Speaking of rivals, what if I told you I'm here to make sure that none of you lay a hand on the company?
Oh, my apologies, I forgot to introduce myself.
I'm Raymond Diaz, heir to Diaz Global.
Mark my words, Tristan.
If you refuse to sign the divorce papers, I'll find a way to cease control of the company, and once that happens, you won't get a dime.
Bryant, what are you doing?
Leave Kendall alone, or I'll make sure you're gone.
For good.
Just be careful, we don't know what this guy's capable of.
Watch your back, Kendall.
We don't think we're a second, you are out of the woods.
You know what, Rich, and get the hell out of my company.
Bitch.
Boy, I've been growing hurt.
I've been causing a scene.
What have you said, grandpa?
You two make a great couple.
Thanks.
You okay?
So, Mr. Raymond Diaz.
Are you really the heir to Diaz Global?
Really the heir to Diaz Global?
Gotcha.
What?
You were just about to think.
Yeah, I totally improvised that.
No, it's kind of convenient to pretend to be the son of a rich person and share the same last name.
That was a thinking.
I mean, what kind of heir would work as a parent?
I'm so sorry for dragging you into this mess.
Like, you must think I am such a loser.
No, no, not at all.
You can just say, I'll make pathetic, unattractive woman again.
You can keep one's husband.
Don't you ever say that, Kendall?
You're stunning.
I have not been able to stop thinking about you since, you know, ever since we met.
I'm sorry, Raymond, but I don't know what you're talking about.
That night, I was with my date, Ellie.
Look, Raymond, he probably mistook me for someone else.
He should go and get some rest.
Hey, man.
What's like, how?
What's going on?
Remember that woman I was telling you about?
A hotel?
Yeah.
Yeah, the one you once saw.
Yeah, and about.
What about her?
I think she might be my new boss.
You mean, Kendall Bryant.
I'm falling in love with her.
I'm falling slow down, Romeo.
Did you forget the real reason your old man sent you to Bryant Industries?
You can't let your feelings for this woman cloud your judgment, bro.
Book bird.
The way she makes me feel.
Oh, God.
I can't get her out of my head.
The touch of her skin, her soft lips.
Yeah.
Look, I get that.
But, look, your old man is counting on you to bring down Bryant Industries.
If you screw this up, your future is the air to de-escalate.
Well, guess what?
I don't even want to be in air anymore.
Look, just make sure that she's actually the one before you do anything stupid.
You hear me?
What the hell?
Well, well, well.
I can't believe I was married to that scumbag for years.
It's like all the cheating and abuse wasn't enough.
He even tried to steal my own company.
It's all over now, right?
You don't have to deal with any of that crap now.
You deserve someone better.
Someone who really cherishes him.
Hey, Sally.
Hey, I'm that new PA.
Really helped me out of time with this.
Good job on finding him.
Does theater accent make you feel like falling in love again?
Um, maybe I would if I hadn't already slept.
Wait, what?
I mean, your PA is a one-night stand.
So, that's your type.
Pretty boy like him.
Raymond?
Don't.
She's with another man.
After everything we shared?
Listen to yourself, man.
You had a one-night stand.
That's it.
You think about the real reason you're a Bryan Industries?
I don't give a shit.
I want to find out everything you can about the man she's with.
The thing is, last thing.
You're acting crazy, man.
I'm worried about you.
I've never seen you like this over a woman.
Yeah, I don't know what's wrong with me.
I want her, Bert.
I'm falling for her, Bert.
Bress! Bress!
Looks like you ran into me.
So, it looks like you owe me a fresh drink.
You skank.
They keep your hands off her.
Throw you!
I'm one of the owners of this bar.
I can have you both kicked out and blacklisted.
What are you doing here with this young man?
Shouldn't you be at home right now,
wearing when your husband will come home tonight?
Security!
Raymond?
That's enough.
I thought you're here.
This cycle right here just poured her drink on me.
You okay?
This is Jane.
An old acquaintance.
It was a misunderstanding.
You know Ray.
Well, let me tell you I'm honey.
Him and I were engaged.
We were so deeply in luck.
Stop this.
We broke up a long time ago.
But, isn't she a bit too old for you?
And definitely not good enough to be with you.
Shut the fuck up Jane.
Come on, let's go.
And you.
Stay the fuck away from her.
You're way out of relief.
Kendall, I'm so sorry about that.
Jane, we broke up a long time ago because she cheated on me.
We haven't talked in a while.
I'm so sorry.
I know how difficult it is dealing with a cheating partner.
Nothing she said was true.
I told you you were stunning the moment I met you.
And I will say it a million more times.
You're the most incredible woman I know.
Hey, where we go?
How could you break up with him?
I have the nerve to come back.
But a terrible mistake.
I've regretted it ever since.
Save it.
Raymond's moved on.
He's in love with that woman.
The one you just had a confrontation with.
Do tell me more about this woman that's managed to capture the heart of the Arab diasclobol?
The heir of diasclobol.
I am so sorry.
I just got caught up in the moment and can we just forget that happened?
I'll cast you tomorrow in the office fight.
Let me at least give you a ride home.
What?
Something in my face?
No.
I'm just...
Sorry.
I'm fine.
Yeah, I'm just heading home.
You go enjoy the rest of your night.
Listen.
I think Raymond might be on to something about you.
No, no.
I couldn't believe it.
It was great.
You work here too?
I'll see you guys later.
Yeah.
So did you hear about Kendall's divorce?
Apparently, Tristan was cheating on her.
Huh?
Well, can you blame him?
If she couldn't keep him satisfied.
I know, she should just quit and become a stay-at-home housewife.
That's the only way she'll have a happy marriage.
Oops.
Sorry.
Are you kidding me?
Didn't see you there.
It's...
Okay, um, accidents happen.
So you're new in town?
Yes.
I'm Miss Bryant's new personal assistant.
I overheard you guys talking about your boss.
Miss Bryant is an amazing person and a great leader.
Show some respect.
Look, getting close to Kendall, it's not a good idea.
Yeah, haven't you seen her unusual relationship with her?
It's not a good idea.
Yeah, haven't you seen her unusual relationship with that intern Elliot?
Seems like something happened between her.
That's none of your business.
She's not like that.
Look, I'm not sure what you're trying to pull here, but if you're not serious about Kendall...
Stay the fuck away from me.
I won't give up on Kendall.
Not without a fight.
Face it, man, I'm younger than you, and I'll go better than you ever will.
I may be less experienced than you, but she'll be my first and only...
Wait.
So you still haven't slept with her?
So she lied about how she spent the night with the other guy when she was actually with me?
Huh, thanks.
Elliot told me he overheard Jane calling you the heir of D.O.'s global.
Are you really a spy, Raymond?
Elliot, you're damn right.
What's going on, Kendall?
You were right about Raymond.
He's probably a spy from D.O.'s global.
I can't believe I fell for his act so easily.
So?
So, I need you to pick up everything you can on him.
You got it.
Oh, and speaking of D.S. global, there's CO's assistant invited you to a meeting.
Smart thinking, Elliot.
Set it up.
The sooner we get to the bottom of this, the better.
Kendall, you won't believe it.
Great. I need to talk to you.
You're right. You're not my one-night stand. I found her.
Uh...
Oh, hold up.
What?